<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_drawing_tools">
  <title>Drawing Tools in Figma</title>
  <shortdesc> Drawing tools in Figma help create curated path networks that customize your design.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Figma's drawing tools account for three different kinds of brush strokes to make your designs
      take on a hand-drawn feel in digital spaces. The drawing tools contain vectorized brushes,
      advanced stroke settings, fills, and more!</p>
    <section>
      <title>Brushes</title>
      <p audience="expert">Brushed add hand-drawn elements to your designs for your projects.
      You can draw directly inside your Figma Design file using the pencil andbrush tools. These
      tools create vecotr networks by placing vector points along your drawing path. The vector
      points of your drawing can be edited using <uicontrol>vector edit mode</uicontrol>.</p>
      <p>These
      brush styles can be further customized by creating single vecotr layers using shapes,
      flattened text layers, and custom vector paths. </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Textures</title>
      <p>You can add layers to the drawings to enhance the final product with
      different effects.</p>
      <p>The seven types of effects in Figma Draw are:</p>
        <ul>
        <li>Glass</li>
        <li>Drop shadow</li>
        <li>Layer blur</li>
        <li>inner shadow</li>
        <li>Background blur</li>
        <li>Noise</li>
        <li>Texture</li>
      </ul>
      <p>Experiment with these different textures and effects in your
      design to add more depth do your drawings!</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Dynamic Strokes</title>
    <p>Dynamic Strokes allow you to create visual representations of
      the vector's network path. The most common use for this feaure is adding borders to images,
      but you can also use this to create lines, arrows, and outlines.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Variable Width Strokes</title>
      <p>This tool lets you change the wdith of the stroke at
      any point in the path to create variance in the line.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>